README.md, before:

Glucose Tracker
===============
<a href="https://travis-ci.org/jcalazan/glucose-tracker"><img src="https://travis-ci.org/jcalazan/glucose-tracker.png"></a>

<b>Live Demo:</b> http://demo.glucosetracker.net

A simple web application for keeping tracking of blood glucose levels.  Written in Python using the Django framework.

This project is currently still in early development.  The goal is to implement the following features:

* <b>Simple, easy to use.</b>  Entering glucose data should be faster than finding a pen and paper and writing down the number.  Fields should have pre-set values where it makes sense (such as the date, time, and category based on time of day).
* <b>Send glucose data via email.</b>  Email it to your doctor before your visit, no more carrying log books (and you're saving trees)!  Can be sent as an attachment or included in the email as an HTML table.
* <b>Reporting.</b>  Simple reports to see trends on how your diabetes is doing.  Highlight how many times you have lows and highs.
* <b>Data filtering.</b>  Should be easy to filter the table by columns (specify glucose range, date range, category, search notes).
* <b>Tagging.</b>  An optional tag field to help further organize and make sense of your data. For example, it might be useful to add tags to a record such as: exercise, sick, insulin, fasting, etc.
* <b>A1C estimation.</b>  Estimate A1C based on data from the last 3 months.
* <b>Mobile friendly.</b>  You should be able to use the app wherever you are and should still be easy to use and readable.

Some point in the future:

* A simple Android app that works offline and auto-syncs to the remote database via REST calls.

<b>To Do List:</b> https://trello.com/c/ZN9ualI3

Installation/Running the App
----------------------------

1. Change the settings/local.py file to match your environment (I'll create a demo.py file later that uses SQLite so you won't have to set up your own database).
2. Install the required libraries listed in the requirements file with pip: pip install -r requirements.txt
3. Run the local web server: python manage.py runserver --settings=settings.local

Live Demo
---------

To show the progress of the app, a live demo is available at: http://demo.glucosetracker.net

This project uses Travis CI to auto-deploy the latest code from the master branch to the demo site on git push.

3rd-Party Apps/Libraries/Plugins
--------------------------------

GlucoseTracker uses the following:

* Twitter Bootstrap 3 (http://getbootstrap.com)
* Datatables (http://datatables.net)
* South (http://south.aeracode.org)
* Django-Crispy-Forms (http://django-crispy-forms.readthedocs.org/en/latest)
* Django-Braces (http://django-braces.readthedocs.org/en/v1.2.2/)
* Bootstrap-DateTimePicker (http://eonasdan.github.io/bootstrap-datetimepicker/)

Commit message:

Added localdemo.py settings file. Updated README.md.

README.md, after:

Glucose Tracker
===============
<a href="https://travis-ci.org/jcalazan/glucose-tracker"><img src="https://travis-ci.org/jcalazan/glucose-tracker.png"></a>

<b>Live Demo:</b> http://demo.glucosetracker.net

A simple web application for keeping tracking of blood glucose levels.  Written in Python using the Django framework.

This project is currently still in early development.  The goal is to implement the following features:

* <b>Simple, easy to use.</b>  Entering glucose data should be faster than finding a pen and paper and writing down the number.  Fields should have pre-set values where it makes sense (such as the date, time, and category based on time of day).
* <b>Send glucose data via email.</b>  Email it to your doctor before your visit, no more carrying log books (and you're saving trees)!  Can be sent as an attachment or included in the email as an HTML table.
* <b>Reporting.</b>  Simple reports to see trends on how your diabetes is doing.  Highlight how many times you have lows and highs.
* <b>Data filtering.</b>  Should be easy to filter the table by columns (specify glucose range, date range, category, search notes).
* <b>Tagging.</b>  An optional tag field to help further organize and make sense of your data. For example, it might be useful to add tags to a record such as: exercise, sick, insulin, fasting, etc.
* <b>A1C estimation.</b>  Estimate A1C based on data from the last 3 months.
* <b>Mobile friendly.</b>  You should be able to use the app wherever you are and should still be easy to use and readable.

Some point in the future:

* A simple Android app that works offline and auto-syncs to the remote database via REST calls.

<b>To Do List:</b> https://trello.com/c/ZN9ualI3

Installation/Running the App
----------------------------

1. Install the required libraries listed in the requirements file with pip: pip install -r requirements.txt
2. If you just want to run a demo of the app, use the <b>settings/localdemo.py</b> file which uses an SQLite database and will be created automatically. Otherwise, for development, please use PostgreSQL and the settings/local.py file.  Set the database settings and environment variables accordingly.
3. Run the syncdb command: e.g. python manage.py syncdb --settings=settings.localdemo
4. Run the South migration: e.g. python manage.py migrate --all --settings=settings.localdemo
5. (Optional) Populate your database with dummy data: e.g. python manage.py load_random_glucose_data jsmith --settings=settings.localdemo (note that 'jsmith' can be changed to any username you like, the password will always be 'demo').
6. Run the local web server: e.g. python manage.py runserver --settings=settings.localdemo

Live Demo
---------

To show the progress of the app, a live demo is available at: http://demo.glucosetracker.net

This project uses Travis CI to auto-deploy the latest code from the master branch to the demo site on git push.

3rd-Party Apps/Libraries/Plugins
--------------------------------

GlucoseTracker uses the following:

* Twitter Bootstrap 3 (http://getbootstrap.com)
* Datatables (http://datatables.net)
* South (http://south.aeracode.org)
* Django-Crispy-Forms (http://django-crispy-forms.readthedocs.org/en/latest)
* Django-Braces (http://django-braces.readthedocs.org/en/v1.2.2/)
* Bootstrap-DateTimePicker (http://eonasdan.github.io/bootstrap-datetimepicker/)
